this is Lee's e46 m3 supercharged which
is coming to reduce motorsport for floor
repair and reinforcement places it
actually needs a floor replacement due
to the damage in the rear axle carrier
panel but which is also spread to the
spare wheel well section which is this
panel here
to this rectangle of square matting is
the top of the rear axle carry upon or
the one that is pulling away from the
floor from the chassis underneath the
car which is why you've got these
separation lines here and that all the
way over here it's not gonna rectangle
side area and then what is starting to
form the chassis legs which are here
this panel here which has got no sound
deadening on it from here backwards it's
the spare wheel well panel so these
sections here or a separate panel so the
panel that we and BMW replace and then
on this side as well the force is so
great that it's pulling the spare wheel
panel off of the chassis leg which is
why this gap has appeared all the way
under here not huge but but enough to
enough to be visually obvious so yeah
that's the extent of it from the inside
so we're just going to drive this slowly
and private ground in our industrial
state now and just simulate some some
slow maneuvers and see if we can video
the floor moving
you
so we've got Lee's car on the ramp now
remove the exhausting look at the first
points of damage
this m3 has already got reinforcement
plates and they've worked the cracks
haven't happened from that area they've
been contained the issue is the rear
axle carrier panel pulling itself away
from the chassis
and also on the right rear side
so we just take the rest of the axle
down now and then little bit closer
you